To create a build.


Use the Art Viewer in the code area.
While doing build, make sure no-one messes with it.


Preperation
1.	Do a full get
2.	Ensure that all data is in sync (either deltree graphics dir, or do recurs diff)

Pre-build Check
1.	Deltree out dir
2.	create a normal devkit build
3.	quickly go thru every level, and every aspect to make sure nothing obvious is going to go wrong (asserts, memory, crashes)
	If anything is wrong, assess the need to correct it. No-one should have left until the build is done, and if they have, hopefully someone else can attend to the problem

Creating build
1.		Simply run the batchfile, MakeUSA.bat
		As long as there are no build errors, this will build the project, for CD, and create the 2 CD Images that are needed
		These Images are put into a folder, in the spongebob dir, called CdBuild
	
Sending Build
1.		Goto spongebob\Cdbuild
2.		RAR (not zip) up the USA dir AND the CCS file into a archive, called SBSPmmddyy.rar (mmddyy is american date format)
		I recomend you use maximum compression for this, (I will set this up as default)
3.		When this is completed, copy this RAR file to the project drive, under deliverables


Burning a Build
This is the fucker, cos the burning software is flakey!! Follow precisely, or you will hang the burner PC (MY PC!!)
1.		copy the ISO cdbuild to the burn machine
2.		open the burner draw, and put a blank CD in (DO NOT CLOSE IT AT ALL)
3.		double click on the ISO file, this will open up EZCD burning software
4.		Set the number of copies to ONE MORE than you need.
5.		ensure TRACK AT ONCE is checked.
6.		click record.
7.		It will say the is no Cd in the drive, click retry

8.		When the burn is done, place another blank CD in the drawer but DO NOT CLOSE IT
9.		Click on retry, and repeat from 8 until all copies needed are burnt.

10.		DO NOT CLOSE THE DRAWER YET
11		Cancel the burn box, and close down EZCD
12		Wait a bit, then close the drawer.

13		You now have builds on CD, managed to not crash my PC AND worked around some very nasty Win2k Bugs
		Well done!!
