OVERVIEW
The SBSP memcard system will allow the player to save their progress through the game onto memcard. 
The game internally allows up to four players to save their progress in four "game slots". 
These will then be saved onto a memcard as one "memcard slot". 
To reduce the work required for memcards ( and also to reduce the chance of TRC related failures! ) we will only allow one game save per card. 
This means that we do not have to ask the user for a save filename, do not have to display filenames from other products, etc., etc.. 
We will also only ever use memory card slot 1 - Again, this saves us from a lot of potential problems.
The load/save will be split into the three areas described below: autoload, load and save.

AUTOLOAD
Occurs while the game is booting, most probably while the legal screen is being displayed. 
If the operation succeeds then the options and saved game slots will be restored. 
There will be no feedback given to and no interaction with the user about this process at all as it is not required.

LOAD
Selected from the front end OPTIONS menu, this will allow the user to load in a previously saved game. 
All options and game slots will be restored, as per the autoload. 
This screen will be extremely simple and will basically be a single menu with "DO YOU WANT TO LOAD? YES/NO" 
surrounded by all of the TRC required messages ( "CHECKING MEMORY CARD..", "CARD NOT FORMATTED..", "SAVING - DO NOT REMOVE THE MEMORY CARD..", etc.. )

SAVE
Selectable from the map screen and also appears automatically after the party screen ( ie: after the game has been completed. ) 
This will again be a very simple screen, this time with a "DO YOU WANT TO SAVE? YES/NO" menu. 
The screen will be more complex than the LOAD one as there are more potential errors that could occur here ( eg: card not formatted, not enough space on card, etc.. )

It is worth noting that we have a full selection of memory card texts that have been passed by Sony.

WHAT WILL BE SAVED
Per game slot:
	Party items bought
	Number of spatulas collected per level
	Kelp tokens collected per bonus level ( and exactly which ones )
	Total number of kelp tokens held
	State of all levels ( not open/open/complete )
Options:
	Control style
	Screen position
	Sound volumes ( BGM, SFX and speech )
	Language ( only on PAL build )

WHAT WILL NOT BE SAVED
Per game slot:
	Lives ( will always reset to 5 when you start )
	Continues ( will always reset to 3 when you start )
